# assignment-3


From the figure, it can be found that each country has a different growth trend of cumulative infections from January 2020 to January 2022. It can be seen from the figure that the country with the first cases is China, but the cumulative cases in China began to grow slowly at the end of March 2020, and began to grow rapidly in March 2022. For the rest of the countries, it started to grow rapidly in April 2020, and the growth rate has been maintained at a high level since then. From January 2021, among these countries, the United States will have the most infections and China the least.

The coefficient of Days is 0.0032, which shows that the cumulative number of people infected with COIVD is increasing by 0.32% per day. The coefficient of `log(Population)` is 1.11, which means that for every 1% increase in the population of an area, its cumulative number of infections will increase by about 1.11%. The coefficient of `Country_RegionChina` is -6.81, which implies that the cumulative number of infections in China is about 682% lower than in Brazil. The coefficient of `Country_RegionGermany` is -0.62, which implies that the cumulative number of infections in Germany is about 62% lower than in Brazil. The coefficient of `Country_RegionJapan` is -2.66, which implies that the cumulative number of infections in Japan is about 266% lower than in Brazil. The coefficient of `Country_RegionMexico` is -1.12, which implies that the cumulative number of infections in Mexico is about 112% lower than in Brazil. The coefficient of `Country_RegionUnited Kingdom` is 0.24, which implies that the cumulative number of infections in the UK is about 24% higher than in Brazil. The coefficient of `Country_RegionUS` is -0.07, which implies that the cumulative number of infections in the US is about 7% lower than in Brazil.